Simplify preprocessor prompts (#614)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: DocumentationToolingNotes.md

  - [Common API](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/office)
- [custom-functions-runtime/index.d.ts](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/types/custom-functions-runtime/index.d.ts)(The Excel Custom Functions runtime definitions.)
  - [Custom Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/custom-functions-runtime)
- [office-runtime/index.d.ts](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/types/office-runtime/index.d.ts)(The office runtime definitions for the Custom Functions platform.)
  - [Office Runtime](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/office-runtime)

Older versions of the APIs have their own d.ts files. These are preserved when a new API requirement set is released. They can also be generated using the [Version Remover tool](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference/blob/master/generate-docs/tools/VersionRemover.ts). These old d.ts files are maintained so that in the event APIs are patched or altered, the original behavior is still documented. This is useful if you have to target an older version of the API.

#### Locally testing type definition file changes

> Any documentation changes for the Office JavaScript API are done by editing the four d.ts files mentioned above. However, you are able to test a change before submitting a PR to DefinitelyTyped (if you need to, for example, test how your formatting will translate into markdown) by editing the corresponding file in [generate-docs/script-inputs](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference/tree/master/generate-docs/script-inputs) and running [GenerateDocs.cmd](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference/blob/master/generate-docs/GenerateDocs.cmd). When prompted, selected the "Local files" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any documentation changes for the Office JavaScript API are done by editing the four d.ts files mentioned above. However, you can test a change before submitting a PR to DefinitelyTyped (if you need to, for example, test how your formatting will translate into markdown) by editing the corresponding file in [generate-docs/script-inputs](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference/tree/master/generate-docs/script-inputs) and running [GenerateDocs.cmd](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference/blob/master/generate-docs/GenerateDocs.cmd). When prompted, select the "Local files" option.
```
